README.md, before:

# 🚀 Dev Workflow Framework

> Transform your development process with an AI-powered workflow that reduces cycle time by 30-50%

## 🎯 What is this?

A complete development workflow framework that integrates:
- **TaskMaster** - AI-powered project management
- **Claude Code** - Your AI pair programmer
- **Azure CLI** - Infrastructure automation
- **MCPs** - Tool integrations for maximum efficiency

All within your favorite IDE (Cursor, VS Code, JetBrains).

## 🌟 Key Benefits

- **30-50% faster development cycles** - Proven in production
- **Zero context switching** - Everything happens in your IDE
- **AI-powered assistance** - From PRD to deployed code
- **Built for teams** - Consistent workflow across your organization
- **Microsoft-optimized** - First-class Azure integration

## 📋 Quick Start

```bash
# 1. Clone the framework
git clone https://github.com/yourorg/dev-workflow-framework
cd dev-workflow-framework

# 2. Run setup (Windows)
./scripts/setup.ps1

# 3. Start your first project
task-master init
claude
```

See [QUICKSTART.md](documentation/QUICKSTART.md) for detailed setup.

## 🔄 The Workflow

```
Meeting → PRD → Tasks → Code → Test → Deploy
   ↑                                      ↓
   └────────── Continuous Loop ───────────┘
```

1. **Capture** - Drop meeting notes or requirements
2. **Plan** - AI generates tasks with dependencies
3. **Build** - Claude Code implements with best practices
4. **Ship** - Automated testing and deployment

## 🛠️ What's Included

### Core Components
- **Cursor Rules** - Workflow automation rules
- **TaskMaster Config** - Project management setup
- **Claude Code Integration** - IDE enhancements
- **Azure CLI Patterns** - Common commands and scripts
- **MCP Examples** - Tool integration configs

### Documentation
- [Claude Code Setup](documentation/claude-code-setup.md)
- [Azure CLI Guide](documentation/azure-cli-guide.md)
- [MCP Integrations](documentation/mcp-integrations.md)
- [Workflow Examples](documentation/workflow-examples/)

### Scripts & Tools
- Automated setup scripts
- Configuration templates
- Example PRDs
- Verification tools

## 🎮 Example: Create Azure Resources

```bash
# In your terminal (with our workflow)
az group create --name myapp-rg --location eastus
az cosmosdb create --name myapp-db --resource-group myapp-rg --capabilities EnableGremlin

# Claude Code helps with the implementation
claude code "Create TypeScript module for Cosmos DB connection with error handling"
```

## 🤝 For Microsoft Organizations

Optimized for Microsoft teams with:
- Azure CLI integration out of the box
- Common Azure resource patterns
- Enterprise naming conventions
- Cost management helpers
- Security best practices

## 📚 Learn More

- **[5-Minute Setup Guide](documentation/QUICKSTART.md)** - Get started fast
- **[Workflow Examples](documentation/workflow-examples/)** - See it in action
- **[Team Adoption Guide](documentation/team-adoption.md)** - Roll out to your team

## 🚀 Get Started Now

1. **Requirements**:
   - Windows/Mac/Linux
   - Node.js 18+
   - Azure CLI (for Azure features)
   - Cursor or VS Code

2. **Install**: Run the setup script
3. **Configure**: Set your API keys
4. **Build**: Start with your first PRD

## 📈 Success Stories

> "We reduced our feature development time from 2 weeks to 3 days" - Development Team

> "Junior developers are productive in hours, not weeks" - Tech Lead

> "Finally, a workflow that handles the entire lifecycle" - Product Manager

## 🤖 Powered By

- [Anthropic Claude](https://anthropic.com) - AI assistance
- [TaskMaster AI](https://github.com/taskmaster-ai) - Project management
- [Microsoft Azure](https://azure.microsoft.com) - Cloud infrastructure

## 📄 License

MIT License - Use freely in your projects

---

Ready to transform your development workflow? [Get started now!](documentation/QUICKSTART.md)

Commit message:

Polish repo for team release: Add One Stop Shop messaging, new workflow examples, enhanced verification, and Jest setup
- Updated README messaging from time-saved to One Stop Shop focus
- Added full-feature-cycle.md and team-collaboration.md workflow examples
- Enhanced verify-setup.js with API key checks and TaskMaster command testing
- Added Jest to package.json for future testing
- Created setup-verification-task.md with comprehensive TaskMaster verification workflow
- Updated QUICKSTART.md to reference verification task

README.md, after:

# 🚀 Dev Workflow Framework

> Your One Stop Shop for seamless development: From idea to deployment in a single workspace

## 🎯 What is this?

A complete development workflow framework that integrates:
- **TaskMaster** - AI-powered project management
- **Claude Code** - Your AI pair programmer
- **Azure CLI** - Infrastructure automation
- **MCPs** - Tool integrations for maximum efficiency

All within your favorite IDE (Cursor, VS Code, JetBrains).

## 🌟 Key Benefits

- **One Stop Shop Experience** - Everything you need in one workspace
- **Zero context switching** - From PRD to deployment without leaving your IDE
- **AI-powered assistance** - Claude Code as your pair programmer
- **Built for teams** - Consistent workflow across your organization
- **Microsoft-optimized** - First-class Azure integration

## 📋 Quick Start

```bash
# 1. Clone the framework
git clone https://github.com/yourorg/dev-workflow-framework
cd dev-workflow-framework

# 2. Run setup (Windows)
./scripts/setup.ps1

# 3. Start your first project
task-master init
claude
```

See [QUICKSTART.md](documentation/QUICKSTART.md) for detailed setup.

## 🔄 The Workflow

```
Meeting → PRD → Tasks → Code → Test → Deploy
   ↑                                      ↓
   └────────── Continuous Loop ───────────┘
```

1. **Capture** - Drop meeting notes or requirements
2. **Plan** - AI generates tasks with dependencies
3. **Build** - Claude Code implements with best practices
4. **Ship** - Automated testing and deployment

## 🛠️ What's Included

### Core Components
- **Cursor Rules** - Workflow automation rules
- **TaskMaster Config** - Project management setup
- **Claude Code Integration** - IDE enhancements
- **Azure CLI Patterns** - Common commands and scripts
- **MCP Examples** - Tool integration configs

### Documentation
- [Claude Code Setup](documentation/claude-code-setup.md)
- [Azure CLI Guide](documentation/azure-cli-guide.md)
- [MCP Integrations](documentation/mcp-integrations.md)
- [Workflow Examples](documentation/workflow-examples/)

### Scripts & Tools
- Automated setup scripts
- Configuration templates
- Example PRDs
- Verification tools

## 🎮 Example: Create Azure Resources

```bash
# In your terminal (with our workflow)
az group create --name myapp-rg --location eastus
az cosmosdb create --name myapp-db --resource-group myapp-rg --capabilities EnableGremlin

# Claude Code helps with the implementation
claude code "Create TypeScript module for Cosmos DB connection with error handling"
```

## 🤝 For Microsoft Organizations

Optimized for Microsoft teams with:
- Azure CLI integration out of the box
- Common Azure resource patterns
- Enterprise naming conventions
- Cost management helpers
- Security best practices

## 📚 Learn More

- **[5-Minute Setup Guide](documentation/QUICKSTART.md)** - Get started fast
- **[Workflow Examples](documentation/workflow-examples/)** - See it in action
- **[Team Adoption Guide](documentation/team-adoption.md)** - Roll out to your team

## 🚀 Get Started Now

1. **Requirements**:
   - Windows/Mac/Linux
   - Node.js 18+
   - Azure CLI (for Azure features)
   - Cursor or VS Code

2. **Install**: Run the setup script
3. **Configure**: Set your API keys
4. **Build**: Start with your first PRD

## 📈 Success Stories

> "We reduced our feature development time from 2 weeks to 3 days" - Development Team

> "Junior developers are productive in hours, not weeks" - Tech Lead

> "Finally, a workflow that handles the entire lifecycle" - Product Manager

## 🤖 Powered By

- [Anthropic Claude](https://anthropic.com) - AI assistance
- [TaskMaster AI](https://github.com/taskmaster-ai) - Project management
- [Microsoft Azure](https://azure.microsoft.com) - Cloud infrastructure

## 📄 License

MIT License - Use freely in your projects

---

Ready to transform your development workflow? [Get started now!](documentation/QUICKSTART.md)
